: Ensure mounting of cramfs filesystems is disabled.
: Ensure freevxfs kernel module is not available.
: Ensure hfs kernel module is not available.
: Ensure hfsplus kernel module is not available.
: Ensure jffs2 kernel module is not available.
: Ensure overlayfs kernel module is not available.
: Ensure squashfs kernel module is not available.
: Ensure udf kernel module is not available.
: Ensure usb-storage kernel module is not available.
: Ensure unused filesystems kernel modules are not available.
: Ensure /tmp is a separate partition.
: Ensure nodev option set on /tmp partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /tmp partition.
: Ensure noexec option set on /tmp partition.
: Ensure /dev/shm is a separate partition.
: Ensure nodev option set on /dev/shm partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /dev/shm partition.
: Ensure noexec option set on /dev/shm partition.
: Ensure separate partition exists for /home.
: Ensure nodev option set on /home partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /home partition.
: Ensure separate partition exists for /var.
: Ensure nodev option set on /var partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /var partition.
: Ensure separate partition exists for /var/tmp.
: Ensure nodev option set on /var/tmp partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /var/tmp partition.
: Ensure noexec option set on /var/tmp partition.
: Ensure separate partition exists for /var/log.
: Ensure nodev option set on /var/log partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /var/log partition.
: Ensure noexec option set on /var/log partition.
: Ensure separate partition exists for /var/log/audit.
: Ensure nodev option set on /var/log/audit partition.
: Ensure nosuid option set on /var/log/audit partition.
: Ensure noexec option set on /var/log/audit partition.
: Ensure AppArmor is installed.
: Ensure AppArmor is enabled in the bootloader configuration.
: Ensure all AppArmor Profiles are in enforce or complain mode.
: Ensure all AppArmor Profiles are enforcing.
: Ensure bootloader password is set.
: Ensure access to bootloader config is configured.
: Ensure address space layout randomization is enabled.
: Ensure core dumps are restricted.
: Ensure prelink is not installed.
: Ensure Automatic Error Reporting is not enabled.
: Ensure message of the day is configured properly.
: Ensure local login warning banner is configured properly.
: Ensure remote login warning banner is configured properly.
: Ensure access to /etc/motd is configured.
: Ensure access to /etc/issue is configured.
: Ensure access to /etc/issue.net is configured.
: Ensure GDM is removed.
: Ensure GDM login banner is configured.
: Ensure GDM disable-user-list option is enabled.
: Ensure GDM screen locks cannot be overridden.
: Ensure GDM automatic mounting of removable media is disabled.
: Ensure GDM disabling automatic mounting of removable media is not overridden.
: Ensure GDM autorun-never is enabled.
: Ensure GDM autorun-never is not overridden.
: Ensure XDMCP is not enabled.
: Ensure autofs services are not in use.
: Ensure avahi daemon services are not in use.
: Ensure dhcp server services are not in use.
: Ensure dns server services are not in use.
: Ensure dnsmasq services are not in use.
: Ensure ftp server services are not in use.
: Ensure ldap server services are not in use.
: Ensure message access server services are not in use.
: Ensure network file system services are not in use.
: Ensure nis server services are not in use.
: Ensure print server services are not in use.
: Ensure rpcbind services are not in use.
: Ensure rsync services are not in use.
: Ensure samba file server services are not in use.
: Ensure snmp services are not in use.
: Ensure tftp server services are not in use.
: Ensure web proxy server services are not in use.
: Ensure web server services are not in use.
: Ensure xinetd services are not in use.
: Ensure X window server services are not in use.
: Ensure mail transfer agent is configured for local-only mode.
: Ensure NIS Client is not installed.
: Ensure rsh client is not installed.
: Ensure talk client is not installed.
: Ensure telnet client is not installed.
: Ensure ldap client is not installed.
: Ensure ftp client is not installed.
: Ensure systemd-timesyncd configured with authorized timeserver.
: Ensure systemd-timesyncd is enabled and running.
: Ensure chrony is configured with authorized timeserver.
: Ensure chrony is running as user _chrony.
: Ensure chrony is enabled and running.
: Ensure cron daemon is enabled and active.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/crontab are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.hourly are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.daily are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.weekly are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.monthly are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.d are configured.
: Ensure crontab is restricted to authorized users.
: Ensure at is restricted to authorized users.
: Ensure wireless interfaces are disabled.
: Ensure bluetooth services are not in use.
: Ensure dccp kernel module is not available.
: Ensure tipc kernel module is not available.
: Ensure rds kernel module is not available.
: Ensure sctp kernel module is not available.
: Ensure ip forwarding is disabled.
: Ensure packet redirect sending is disabled.
: Ensure bogus icmp responses are ignored.
: Ensure broadcast icmp requests are ignored.
: Ensure icmp redirects are not accepted.
: Ensure secure icmp redirects are not accepted.
: Ensure reverse path filtering is enabled.
: Ensure source routed packets are not accepted.
: Ensure suspicious packets are logged.
: Ensure tcp syn cookies is enabled.
: Ensure ipv6 router advertisements are not accepted.
: Ensure a single firewall configuration utility is in use.
: Ensure ufw is installed.
: Ensure iptables-persistent is not installed with ufw.
: Ensure ufw service is enabled.
: Ensure ufw loopback traffic is configured.
: Ensure ufw default deny firewall policy.
: Ensure nftables is installed.
: Ensure ufw is uninstalled or disabled with nftables.
: Ensure iptables are flushed with nftables.
: Ensure a nftables table exists.
: Ensure nftables base chains exist.
: Ensure nftables default deny firewall policy.
: Ensure nftables service is enabled.
: Ensure nftables rules are permanent.
: Ensure iptables packages are installed.
: Ensure nftables is not in use with iptables.
: Ensure ufw is not in use with iptables.
: Ensure iptables default deny firewall policy.
: Ensure iptables loopback traffic is configured.
: Ensure ip6tables default deny firewall policy.
: Ensure ip6tables loopback traffic is configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/ssh/sshd_config are configured.
: Ensure permissions on SSH private host key files are configured.
: Ensure permissions on SSH public host key files are configured.
: Ensure sshd access is configured.
: Ensure sshd Banner is configured.
: Ensure sshd Ciphers are configured.
: Ensure sshd ClientAliveInterval and ClientAliveCountMax are configured.
: Ensure sshd DisableForwarding is enabled.
: Ensure sshd GSSAPIAuthentication is disabled.
: Ensure sshd HostbasedAuthentication is disabled.
: Ensure sshd IgnoreRhosts is enabled.
: Ensure sshd KexAlgorithms is configured.
: Ensure sshd LoginGraceTime is configured.
: Ensure sshd LogLevel is configured.
: Ensure sshd MACs are configured.
: Ensure sshd MaxAuthTries is configured.
: Ensure sshd MaxSessions is configured.
: Ensure sshd MaxStartups is configured.
: Ensure sshd PermitEmptyPasswords is disabled.
: Ensure sshd PermitRootLogin is disabled.
: Ensure sshd PermitUserEnvironment is disabled.
: Ensure sshd UsePAM is enabled.
: Ensure sudo is installed.
: Ensure sudo commands use pty.
: Ensure sudo log file exists.
: Ensure users must provide password for privilege escalation.
: Ensure re-authentication for privilege escalation is not disabled globally.
: Ensure sudo authentication timeout is configured correctly.
: Ensure access to the su command is restricted.
: Ensure latest version of pam is installed.
: Ensure libpam-modules is installed.
: Ensure libpam-pwquality is installed.
: Ensure pam_unix module is enabled.
: Ensure pam_faillock module is enabled.
: Ensure pam_pwquality module is enabled.
: Ensure pam_pwhistory module is enabled.
: Ensure password failed attempts lockout is configured.
: Ensure password unlock time is configured.
: Ensure password failed attempts lockout includes root account.
: Ensure password number of changed characters is configured.
: Ensure minimum password length is configured.
: Ensure password complexity is configured.
: Ensure password same consecutive characters is configured.
: Ensure password maximum sequential characters is configured.
: Ensure password dictionary check is enabled.
: Ensure password quality checking is enforced.
: Ensure password quality is enforced for the root user.
: Ensure password history remember is configured.
: Ensure password history is enforced for the root user.
: Ensure pam_pwhistory includes use_authtok.
: Ensure pam_unix does not include nullok.
: Ensure pam_unix does not include remember.
: Ensure pam_unix includes a strong password hashing algorithm.
: Ensure pam_unix includes use_authtok.
: Ensure password expiration is configured.
: Ensure minimum password days is configured.
: Ensure password expiration warning days is configured.
: Ensure strong password hashing algorithm is configured.
: Ensure inactive password lock is configured.
: Ensure root is the only UID 0 account.
: Ensure root is the only GID 0 account.
: Ensure group root is the only GID 0 group.
: Ensure root account access is controlled.
: Ensure root user umask is configured.
: Ensure nologin is not listed in /etc/shells.
: Ensure default user shell timeout is configured.
: Ensure default user umask is configured.
: Ensure journald service is enabled and active.
: Ensure journald log file rotation is configured.
: Ensure systemd-journal-remote is installed.
: Ensure systemd-journal-upload authentication is configured.
: Ensure systemd-journal-upload is enabled and active.
: Ensure systemd-journal-remote service is not in use.
: Ensure journald ForwardToSyslog is disabled.
: Ensure journald Compress is configured.
: Ensure journald Storage is configured.
: Ensure rsyslog is installed.
: Ensure rsyslog service is enabled and active.
: Ensure journald is configured to send logs to rsyslog.
: Ensure rsyslog log file creation mode is configured.
: Ensure rsyslog is configured to send logs to a remote log host.
: Ensure rsyslog is not configured to receive logs from a remote client.
: Ensure access to all logfiles has been configured.
: Ensure auditd packages are installed.
: Ensure auditd service is enabled and active.
: Ensure auditing for processes that start prior to auditd is enabled.
: Ensure audit_backlog_limit is sufficient.
: Ensure audit log storage size is configured.
: Ensure audit logs are not automatically deleted.
: Ensure system is disabled when audit logs are full.
: Ensure system warns when audit logs are low on space.
: Ensure changes to system administration scope (sudoers) is collected.
: Ensure actions as another user are always logged.
: Ensure events that modify the sudo log file are collected.
: Ensure events that modify date and time information are collected.
: Ensure events that modify the system's network environment are collected.
: Ensure unsuccessful file access attempts are collected.
: Ensure events that modify user/group information are collected.
: Ensure discretionary access control permission modification events are collected.
: Ensure successful file system mounts are collected.
: Ensure session initiation information is collected.
: Ensure login and logout events are collected.
: Ensure file deletion events by users are collected.
: Ensure events that modify the system's Mandatory Access Controls are collected.
: Ensure successful and unsuccessful attempts to use the chcon command are collected.
: Ensure successful and unsuccessful attempts to use the setfacl command are collected.
: Ensure successful and unsuccessful attempts to use the chacl command are collected.
: Ensure successful and unsuccessful attempts to use the usermod command are collected.
: Ensure kernel module loading unloading and modification is collected.
: Ensure the audit configuration is immutable.
: Ensure the running and on disk configuration is the same.
: Ensure audit log files group owner is configured.
: Ensure audit configuration files mode is configured.
: Ensure audit configuration files owner is configured.
: Ensure audit configuration files group owner is configured.
: Ensure audit tools mode is configured.
: Ensure audit tools owner is configured.
: Ensure audit tools group owner is configured.
: Ensure AIDE is installed.
: Ensure filesystem integrity is regularly checked.
: Ensure cryptographic mechanisms are used to protect the integrity of audit tools.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/passwd are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/passwd- are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/group are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/group- are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/shadow are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/shadow- are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/gshadow are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/gshadow- are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/shells are configured.
: Ensure permissions on /etc/security/opasswd are configured.
: Ensure accounts in /etc/passwd use shadowed passwords.
: Ensure /etc/shadow password fields are not empty.
: Ensure all groups in /etc/passwd exist in /etc/group.
: Ensure shadow group is empty.
: Ensure no duplicate UIDs exist.
: Ensure no duplicate GIDs exist.
: Ensure no duplicate user names exist.
: Ensure no duplicate group names exist.
